Question #1Topic 1
A company has a mobile application that makes HTTP API calls to an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The ALB routes requests to an AWS Lambda function. Many different versions of the application are in use at any given time, including versions that are in testing by a subset of users. The version of the application is defined in the user-agent header that is sent with all requests to the API.
After a series of recent changes to the API, the company has observed issues with the application. The company needs to gather a metric for each API operation by response code for each version of the application that is in use. A DevOps engineer has modified the Lambda function to extract the API operation name, version information from the user-agent header and response code.
Which additional set of actions should the DevOps engineer take to gather the required metrics?

A. Modify the Lambda function to write the API operation name, response code, and version number as a log line to an Amazon CloudWatch Logs log group. Configure a CloudWatch Logs metric filter that increments a metric for each API operation name. Specify response code and application version as dimensions for the metric.
B. Modify the Lambda function to write the API operation name, response code, and version number as a log line to an Amazon CloudWatch Logs log group. Configure a CloudWatch Logs Insights query to populate CloudWatch metrics from the log lines. Specify response code and application version as dimensions for the metric.
C. Configure the ALB access logs to write to an Amazon CloudWatch Logs log group. Modify the Lambda function to respond to the ALB with the API operation name, response code, and version number as response metadata. Configure a CloudWatch Logs metric filter that increments a metric for each API operation name. Specify response code and application version as dimensions for the metric.
D. Configure AWS X-Ray integration on the Lambda function. Modify the Lambda function to create an X-Ray subsegment with the API operation name, response code, and version number. Configure X-Ray insights to extract an aggregated metric for each API operation name and to publish the metric to Amazon CloudWatch. Specify response code and application version as dimensions for the metric.
 
Question #2Topic 1
A company provides an application to customers. The application has an Amazon API Gateway REST API that invokes an AWS Lambda function. On initialization, the Lambda function loads a large amount of data from an Amazon DynamoDB table. The data load process results in long cold-start times of 8-10 seconds. The DynamoDB table has DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) configured.
Customers report that the application intermittently takes a long time to respond to requests. The application receives thousands of requests throughout the day. In the middle of the day, the application experiences 10 times more requests than at any other time of the day. Near the end of the day, the application's request volume decreases to 10% of its normal total.
A DevOps engineer needs to reduce the latency of the Lambda function at all times of the day.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Configure provisioned concurrency on the Lambda function with a concurrency value of 1. Delete the DAX cluster for the DynamoDB table.
B. Configure reserved concurrency on the Lambda function with a concurrency value of 0.
C. Configure provisioned concurrency on the Lambda function. Configure AWS Application Auto Scaling on the Lambda function with provisioned concurrency values set to a minimum of 1 and a maximum of 100.
D. Configure reserved concurrency on the Lambda function. Configure AWS Application Auto Scaling on the API Gateway API with a reserved concurrency maximum value of 100.
 
Question #3Topic 1
A company is adopting AWS CodeDeploy to automate its application deployments for a Java-Apache Tomcat application with an Apache Webserver. The development team started with a proof of concept, created a deployment group for a developer environment, and performed functional tests within the application. After completion, the team will create additional deployment groups for staging and production.
The current log level is configured within the Apache settings, but the team wants to change this configuration dynamically when the deployment occurs, so that they can set different log level configurations depending on the deployment group without having a different application revision for each group.
How can these requirements be met with the LEAST management overhead and without requiring different script versions for each deployment group?

A. Tag the Amazon EC2 instances depending on the deployment group. Then place a script into the application revision that calls the metadata service and the EC2 API to identify which deployment group the instance is part of. Use this information to configure the log level settings. Reference the script as part of the AfterInstall lifecycle hook in the appspec.yml file.
B. Create a script that uses the CodeDeploy environment variable DEPLOYMENT_GROUP_ NAME to identify which deployment group the instance is part of. Use this information to configure the log level settings. Reference this script as part of the BeforeInstall lifecycle hook in the appspec.yml file.
C. Create a CodeDeploy custom environment variable for each environment. Then place a script into the application revision that checks this environment variable to identify which deployment group the instance is part of. Use this information to configure the log level settings. Reference this script as part of the ValidateService lifecycle hook in the appspec.yml file.
D. Create a script that uses the CodeDeploy environment variable DEPLOYMENT_GROUP_ID to identify which deployment group the instance is part of to configure the log level settings. Reference this script as part of the Install lifecycle hook in the appspec.yml file.
 
Question #4Topic 1
A company requires its developers to tag all Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes in an account to indicate a desired backup frequency. This requirement Includes EBS volumes that do not require backups. The company uses custom tags named Backup_Frequency that have values of none, dally, or weekly that correspond to the desired backup frequency. An audit finds that developers are occasionally not tagging the EBS volumes.
A DevOps engineer needs to ensure that all EBS volumes always have the Backup_Frequency tag so that the company can perform backups at least weekly unless a different value is specified.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Set up AWS Config in the account. Create a custom rule that returns a compliance failure for all Amazon EC2 resources that do not have a Backup Frequency tag applied. Configure a remediation action that uses a custom AWS Systems Manager Automation runbook to apply the Backup_Frequency tag with a value of weekly.
B. Set up AWS Config in the account. Use a managed rule that returns a compliance failure for EC2::Volume resources that do not have a Backup Frequency tag applied. Configure a remediation action that uses a custom AWS Systems Manager Automation runbook to apply the Backup_Frequency tag with a value of weekly.
C. Turn on AWS CloudTrail in the account. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule that reacts to EBS CreateVolume events. Configure a custom AWS Systems Manager Automation runbook to apply the Backup_Frequency tag with a value of weekly. Specify the runbook as the target of the rule.
D. Turn on AWS CloudTrail in the account. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule that reacts to EBS CreateVolume events or EBS ModifyVolume events. Configure a custom AWS Systems Manager Automation runbook to apply the Backup_Frequency tag with a value of weekly. Specify the runbook as the target of the rule.
 
Question #5Topic 1
A company is using an Amazon Aurora cluster as the data store for its application. The Aurora cluster is configured with a single DB instance. The application performs read and write operations on the database by using the cluster's instance endpoint.
The company has scheduled an update to be applied to the cluster during an upcoming maintenance window. The cluster must remain available with the least possible interruption during the maintenance window.
What should a DevOps engineer do to meet these requirements?

A. Add a reader instance to the Aurora cluster. Update the application to use the Aurora cluster endpoint for write operations. Update the Aurora cluster's reader endpoint for reads.
B. Add a reader instance to the Aurora cluster. Create a custom ANY endpoint for the cluster. Update the application to use the Aurora cluster's custom ANY endpoint for read and write operations.
C. Turn on the Multi-AZ option on the Aurora cluster. Update the application to use the Aurora cluster endpoint for write operations. Update the Aurora cluster’s reader endpoint for reads.
D. Turn on the Multi-AZ option on the Aurora cluster. Create a custom ANY endpoint for the cluster. Update the application to use the Aurora cluster's custom ANY endpoint for read and write operations
 
Question #6Topic 1
A company must encrypt all AMIs that the company shares across accounts. A DevOps engineer has access to a source account where an unencrypted custom AMI has been built. The DevOps engineer also has access to a target account where an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group will launch EC2 instances from the AMI. The DevOps engineer must share the AMI with the target account.
The company has created an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key in the source account.
Which additional steps should the DevOps engineer perform to meet the requirements? (Choose three.)

A. In the source account, copy the unencrypted AMI to an encrypted AMI. Specify the KMS key in the copy action.
B. In the source account, copy the unencrypted AMI to an encrypted AMI. Specify the default Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) encryption key in the copy action.
C. In the source account, create a KMS grant that delegates permissions to the Auto Scaling group service-linked role in the target account.
D. In the source account, modify the key policy to give the target account permissions to create a grant. In the target account, create a KMS grant that delegates permissions to the Auto Scaling group service-linked role.
E. In the source account, share the unencrypted AMI with the target account.
F. In the source account, share the encrypted AMI with the target account.
 
Question #7Topic 1
A company uses AWS CodePipeline pipelines to automate releases of its application A typical pipeline consists of three stages build, test, and deployment. The company has been using a separate AWS CodeBuild project to run scripts for each stage. However, the company now wants to use AWS CodeDeploy to handle the deployment stage of the pipelines.
The company has packaged the application as an RPM package and must deploy the application to a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The EC2 instances are in an EC2 Auto Scaling group and are launched from a common AMI.
Which combination of steps should a DevOps engineer perform to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Create a new version of the common AMI with the CodeDeploy agent installed. Update the IAM role of the EC2 instances to allow access to CodeDeploy.
B. Create a new version of the common AMI with the CodeDeploy agent installed. Create an AppSpec file that contains application deployment scripts and grants access to CodeDeploy.
C. Create an application in CodeDeploy. Configure an in-place deployment type. Specify the Auto Scaling group as the deployment target. Add a step to the CodePipeline pipeline to use EC2 Image Builder to create a new AMI. Configure CodeDeploy to deploy the newly created AMI.
D. Create an application in CodeDeploy. Configure an in-place deployment type. Specify the Auto Scaling group as the deployment target. Update the CodePipeline pipeline to use the CodeDeploy action to deploy the application.
E. Create an application in CodeDeploy. Configure an in-place deployment type. Specify the EC2 instances that are launched from the common AMI as the deployment target. Update the CodePipeline pipeline to use the CodeDeploy action to deploy the application.
 
Question #8Topic 1
A company’s security team requires that all external Application Load Balancers (ALBs) and Amazon API Gateway APIs are associated with AWS WAF web ACLs. The company has hundreds of AWS accounts, all of which are included in a single organization in AWS Organizations. The company has configured AWS Config for the organization. During an audit, the company finds some externally facing ALBs that are not associated with AWS WAF web ACLs.
Which combination of steps should a DevOps engineer take to prevent future violations? (Choose two.)

A. Delegate AWS Firewall Manager to a security account.
B. Delegate Amazon GuardDuty to a security account.
C. Create an AWS Firewall Manager policy to attach AWS WAF web ACLs to any newly created ALBs and API Gateway APIs.
D. Create an Amazon GuardDuty policy to attach AWS WAF web ACLs to any newly created ALBs and API Gateway APIs.
E. Configure an AWS Config managed rule to attach AWS WAF web ACLs to any newly created ALBs and API Gateway APIs.
 
Question #9Topic 1
A company uses AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) keys and manual key rotation to meet regulatory compliance requirements. The security team wants to be notified when any keys have not been rotated after 90 days.
Which solution will accomplish this?

A. Configure AWS KMS to publish to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic when keys are more than 90 days old.
B. Configure an Amazon EventBridge event to launch an AWS Lambda function to call the AWS Trusted Advisor API and publish to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic.
C. Develop an AWS Config custom rule that publishes to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic when keys are more than 90 days old.
D. Configure AWS Security Hub to publish to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic when keys are more than 90 days old.
 
Question #10Topic 1
A security review has identified that an AWS CodeBuild project is downloading a database population script from an Amazon S3 bucket using an unauthenticated request. The security team does not allow unauthenticated requests to S3 buckets for this project.
How can this issue be corrected in the MOST secure manner?

A. Add the bucket name to the AllowedBuckets section of the CodeBuild project settings. Update the build spec to use the AWS CLI to download the database population script.
B. Modify the S3 bucket settings to enable HTTPS basic authentication and specify a token. Update the build spec to use cURL to pass the token and download the database population script.
C. Remove unauthenticated access from the S3 bucket with a bucket policy. Modify the service role for the CodeBuild project to include Amazon S3 access. Use the AWS CLI to download the database population script.
D. Remove unauthenticated access from the S3 bucket with a bucket policy. Use the AWS CLI to download the database population script using an IAM access key and a secret access key.